readme.md, before:

# Nice Localhost File Browser

Don't like the WAMP homepage, and you just **cannot** stand this *apache made* "browser".

Well, in just **2** steps, you can easily have a pretty nice browser.

## Installation

1. Run `cd C:/wamp/www & git clone https://github.com/math2001/nlfb.git "_nlfb"`
2. Open the `index.php` file in your `www` directory and add this line at the beginning: `<?php header('location: _nlfb/'); ?>`

That's it, open [localhost](http://localhost) and *savourez*.

## Current features

- Breadcrumbs
- File can be view and are colored by [highlightjs](https://highlightjs.org/)
- If it is an image, it just renders it.
- Nice icons for files
- Search in current folder based on letters' order (`ctrl` brings up `controller` for example)
- input to type the path (edit path)
- context menu [jQuery.contextMenu](https://swisnl.github.io/jQuery-contextMenu/)
- copy name/path/URL path
- open in **real** (new tab)
- Sidebar
- ignored files/folders/projects
- use a screenshot.(whatever) for project instead of a folder images (better if it's a square)

## Features to add

- load full sidebar at the beginning (settings)
- customs alias
- add icons to context menu

Commit message:

update readme; add xml icon and screenshot.svg

readme.md, after:

# NLFB - Nice Localhost File Browser

We have to admit, the homepage of WAMP is not super great, and the apache browser is quite ugly. **So, this repository is here to solve the problem!** Have a look!

![NLFB interface](img/screenshots/nlfb.png)
![NLFB context-menu](img/screenshots/context-menu.png)
![NLFB edit path feature](img/screenshots/edit-path.png)
![NLFB search feature](img/screenshots/search.png)
![NLFB code previewer](img/screenshots/github-like-color-scheme.png)

Well, have you made your choice?

### Installation

This is really simple.

1. Open a terminal and go in the `www` directory. (for the lazy ones: `cd C:/wamp/www` :smile:)
2. Run `git clone "https://github.com/math2001/nlfb.git" "_nlfb"`
3. Open the `index.php` file in your favorite editor and paste this line at the very beginning: `<?php header('location: /_nlfb/'); ?>`

Done! Open [localhost](http://localhost) and [*savourez*](http://lmgtfy.com?q=what does mean savourez)!

### Usage

Go have a look [here](http://math2001.github.io/nlfb)
